Added info about repl with toolkit (#2721)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/repl.md

</ChainedSnippets>

## Using Toolkit in REPL
It is also possible to start the scala-cli REPL with [toolkit](https://scala-cli.virtuslab.org/docs/guides/introduction/toolkit/) enabled

<ChainedSnippets>
    
```bash ignore
scala-cli repl --toolkit default
```

```text
Welcome to Scala 3.3.1 (17, Java OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM).
Type in expressions for evaluation. Or try :help.
                                                                                
scala> import os._
                                                                                
scala> os.pwd
val res0: os.Path = /Users/yadukrishnan/test
scala> :quit

```
</ChainedSnippets>

> Since we started the repl with toolkit enbled, we can use the libraries included in the toolkit direclty. In the above example, `os-lib` library from the toolkit is used to print the current path. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we started the repl with toolkit enabled, we can use the libraries included in the toolkit directly. In the above example, the `os-lib` library from the toolkit is used to print the current path. 
```
